Chapter1-1day
1.Explain what the Blockchain is in your own words.
A blockchain is an electronic type of ledger.
It has been the main mechanism used for virtual currency since the introduction of Bitcoin in 2009.
As the name suggests, it works by connecting blocks like a chain to generate a ledger.
The difference between this system and existing ledger systems is that it is (1) decentralized and (2) difficult to tamper with.

(1) Distributed
Conventional ledger systems required a centralized organization to manage the ledger. With blockchain, however, the ledger is open to the entire world, and the ledger is monitored by many clients in the network.
Therefore, it is as if the information is distributed and managed by many clients.

(2) Difficult to falsify
The ledger is a collection of the history up to now as a block. Therefore, if a malicious third party tries to tamper with a transaction, it is necessary to modify all previous blocks, and it is very difficult to tamper with the contents of the transaction.

2.Explain what a Smart Contract is.
Smart contracts are a mechanism in which a program that describes the transaction details is prepared in advance, and the transaction details are completed at the moment of receipt.
Until the advent of smart contracts, electronic transactions required a giver, a receiver, and a third party to monitor the transaction.
However, it is troublesome to prepare a third party to monitor each transaction when conducting a peer-to-peer transaction.
With smart contracts, transactions can be completed without the need for a third party and without fraud, because the transaction is carried out after both parties agree to the predetermined transaction details.

3.Explain the difference between a script and a transaction.
Scripts can only be used to VIEW data on the blockchain and cannot be modified.
Transactions, in contrast, can modify the data on the blockchain.

Chapter1-2day
1.What are the 5 Cadence Programming Language Pillars?
①Safety and Security
②Clarity
③Approachability
④Developer Experience
⑤Resource Oriented Programming

2.In your opinion, even without knowing anything about the Blockchain or coding, why could the 5 Pillars be useful (you don't have to answer this for #5)?
1.Because fraud will no longer occur in smart contract transactions.

2.Because the person conducting the transaction can understand the content well.

3.Allow developers to enter development with a shorter learning curve

4.Because we don't have to spend time looking for errors.
